Recursion
1. In your own words, what is recursion?
Recursion is a computer science technique where a function calls itself.
It's often used instead of loops.
2. Why is it necessary to have a base case?
A base case is necessary so that the recursive calls end at some point.  If
there was no base case, the function would continue calling itself (until the
computer errors out).

Graphs
1. What is a graph?
A graph is a set of nodes and edges, and where the nodes show connections
between the edges.  Graphs can be directed or not directed.
2. How is a graph different from a tree?
All trees are graphs, but not all graphs are trees.  Graphs can have cycles in
them, but trees cannot.
3. Give an example of something that would be good to model with a graph.
Social networks are good to model with graphs - there may be cycles, and two
social circles may not overlap at all.

Runtime
# FINISH THIS

Data Structure              Index   Search  Add-R   Add-L   Pop-L   Pop-R
Python List (Array)         O(1)    O(n)    O(1)    O(n)    O(n)    O(1)        
Linked List                 O(n)    O(n)    O(n)    O(1)    O(1)    O(n)     
Doubly-Linked List          O(n)    O(n)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)             
Queue (as Array)            X   X   X       X       
Queue (as LL or DLL)        X   X   X       X
Stack (Array, LL, or DLL)   X   X   X       X    
Deque (as DLL)              X   X                


#FINISH THIS
Data Structure          Get     Add     Delete  Iterate     Memory
Dictionary (Hash Map)   O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(n)        medium
Set (Hash Map)          O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(n)                           
Binary Search Tree                   
Tree                     

Sorting

1. Describe in words how the Bubble Sort algorithm works.
Bubble sort algorithm works by comparing adjacent elements in the list, starting
with the leftmost elements.  Whichever element is bigger of the pair gets moved
to the right side of the pair if it wasn't already there, and then the next set
of 2 elements is compared.  At the end of the first iteration, the largest
element is in the rightmost position.  Then the algorithm starts again with the
two leftmost elements.  It's called bubble sort because the large elements
bubble to the top.
2. Describe in words how the Merge Sort algorithm works.
Merge sort relies on the idea that it's relatively easy to sort two lists that
are already sorted.  It divides a list in half recursively, until each list
contains only one element.  Then the lists are put back together in sorted
order, and the final step is merging together the two halves of the original
list, but each half is sorted.
3. Describe in words how the Quick Sort algorithm works.
In quicksort, you choose a pivot number, and put all numbers smaller than the
pivot to the left, and all numbers larger to the right.  Then a new pivot is
chosen, and the process is repeated.